in 1876 Leopold Duke of Albany was a
bachelor take a wife with few prospects
in 2001 we still don't have the data I
can't do analysis unless you give me
numbers
Kate McKay has a successful career
you're a rarity among women kay you're
like a man and no life but now you
sitting down yes it's time for a change
I've found it
something that validates my entire
life's work a portal into 1876
I followed the Duke of Albany around the
bull New York the Duke yes here's the
kicker the kicker
he followed me home Loretta you still in
New York
not sure it's not New York I'm afraid of
this so you must be Sergeant Pepper
someone has to keep an eye on him
hasn't know our customs come on let's go
are you gonna remove that you're
suggesting madam there exists a law of
Melling gentlemen to lay hold of canine
bowel movements I'm suggesting you
picked the poop up now he thinks you did
you yes and this is that cool you're a
trip that thing is a damn puzzles just a
toaster when the general of electric
built it he might have tried using it I
have to confess he's handsome
courteous why are you standing I'm
accustomed to stand when a lady leaves
the table you're not sleeping with him
right no what Greg Ryan I'm not very
good with men Hugh Jackman you still
don't believe I'm the man I say I am in
a story of a man and a woman
you have to go back don't you think its
timing tell me who you are I am the man
who loves you assistant hey that again
who refused to let a few centuries come
between them I want more of this more
than 1876 Kate and Leopold rated pg-13